todo.md, before:

- [x] Make sure user can't reauthorize if code is stored, conditionally render gitauth
- [x] Make api slices for get all repos, get specific repo, send repo_id
- [x] Make sure user can only get repos with javascript files parsed (check for the logic in the backend)
- [ ] Fix the logout function, 
- [x] protect the import repo routes to redirect to auth if no id/token.
- [ ] Add manual send code api slice
- [x] Add param that says import action for the editor to know what exactly it's displaying
- [x] Find fix for theme problems: editor and updating
- [ ] Finish summary page
- [ ] Add accept suggestions
- [ ] Work on manual code import pages
- [ ] Add tutorial Modals in editor
- [ ] Protect app routes, make new storage item and store, code files in it?
- [x] For defense use only light mode
- [x] Fix the light theme of the editor
- [ ] Add error handling for editor, make sure a file is passed to it
- [ ] Make the close file button in editor work
- [ ] Add rest state where no file is open in editor

Commit message:

fix: remaining code blocks not showing

todo.md, after:

- [x] Make sure user can't reauthorize if code is stored, conditionally render gitauth
- [x] Make api slices for get all repos, get specific repo, send repo_id
- [x] Make sure user can only get repos with javascript files parsed (check for the logic in the backend)
- [ ] Fix the logout function, 
- [x] protect the import repo routes to redirect to auth if no id/token.
- [ ] Add manual send code api slice
- [x] Add param that says import action for the editor to know what exactly it's displaying
- [x] Find fix for theme problems: editor and updating
- [ ] Finish summary page
- [ ] Add accept suggestions
- [ ] Work on manual code import pages
- [ ] Add tutorial Modals in editor
- [ ] Protect app routes, make new storage item and store, code files in it?
- [x] For defense use only light mode
- [x] Fix the light theme of the editor
- [ ] Add error handling for editor, make sure a file is passed to it
- [x] Make the close file button in editor work
- [x] Add rest state where no file is open in editor
- [x] Fix some code blocks not showing up
